Okay.
It'll be live here.
Morning.
We got some stuff to look at. Um,
we have a policy that does
the entire
the entire waves of the inferno.
Uh, and then we have a policy
Well, we had a policy before that does
the bosses.
So now the question is why can't we just
do both, right?
We got to figure out.
Uh, so
start with
All right.
Let me move a couple of
around.
Lockwood will have my old
It'll be much easier.
It's going to be so awesome when we have
this.
Okay, so
for this
Look at the config.
Yeah, I did actually sweep this.
I did not commit the config.
Hm.
Let's try this.
Nice thing is we have like 2-minute
runs.
I suspect though that the reward changes
might have messed this up.
Hm?
We'll have to wait and see.
Wait.
Huh?
Now, wait. How's this
start wave one? Oh, wait. I'm confused.
Wait. Huh?
Oh, because I have it in the arc. This
is fine.
Okay, we have this correct for
have it correct.
2 minutes and we'll see if this earns
anything.
And if not, we will go take a look at
the rewards.
Yeah, so this is kind of what we were
seeing before.
Not really good performance at all on
Zuk.
I actually can't think of what would
mess up.
I can't think of anything that we had
have done that would have messed this
up.
Now it's Now it's Now hang on. Now it's
down to 600.
It gets to see Jad at least.
You know what I wonder is happening?
I wonder if it's this.
I don't know how he has this
implemented. We're going to try this one
next.
debug
It's a 600, right?
I'll see if this is just immediately
better.
Yeah, so this one does not win ever.
But now we know that this is a problem
here.
We're going to try the swept parameters
on the Zuk.
Um
Hopefully this is fine with um
me running and everything.
Wait.
I could also be doing this on um
my remote machine, but as long as it's
not
lagging the audio, I think it's fine.
I wanted to just be a little bit easier
to do the remote render.
Hm.
Okay, this is at least doing something.
Yeah, we're dying to Jad at the moment.
We're learning to not die to Jad.
>> Double check if my stream is working
correctly.
Uh why did we unlearn?
All right, it is working. Cool, we're
good.
And we like unlearned
We unlearned Jad somehow.
All right, so
We're just straight up dying to Jad
here.
All right, give me a moment. We will um
I think
Some stuff I believe some stuff was sort
of changed on Jad.
I'm seeing a lot of deaths to Jad now
actually. I saw before in the render I
saw deaths on triples.
That really didn't make any sense.
Okay, so when you get into RL
I have I make a lot of guide materials
for that.
The most common question I get.
Articles right here. This is all of our
latest research.
And then this is um a quick start right
here.
x.com/jswares
Most of these environments that you see
um are by contributors.
Many of them are very new to RL.
I think what we're going to have to do
here in order to get this I think we're
going to have to go look at the old
reward structure.
And if it doesn't work with the old
reward structure then I'm going to have
to go see what Vault changed on on Jad.
Cuz presumably
I guess we'll just start on that.
Okay, I literally just did damage minus
HP restored and it worked somehow.
For um
for Zuk.
So
I'm going to have to try that again.
Now that seems very weird to me though.
Did I just like go try Jad real quick?
Let me try Jad real quick.
Let me just make sure I can actually
kill it.
Nope.
Vault.
Jad is unkillable.
Well
Well, no point um
Huh.
We're just going to have that go through
and let's Vault response.
Follow response.
>> would suspect that something broke.
Cuz it like the agent shouldn't just be
dying to it.
Tons and tons and tons of bugs in this
demo wise.
To be expected when it's LM ported code.
Shouldn't be changing this.
Jad not in here.
Logic is
not melee you ever.
rendering problem.
Okay, so there it is. There is a
regression. Cool.
I don't know if this is a logic bug or
just anim bug.
this
I don't know why it always keeps falling
back to Python.
SC
kind of newbie
Whatever, it's just testing problem.
We'll just treat this as like
not guaranteed of anything, but
probabilistic checking.
Don't don't run.
Run.
This is Jad.
If I get That's a different a different
projectile, isn't it?
Okay, it's not playing his magic
animation.
>> Hey Arch.
Not loading the animation.
It's just missing the animation.
And I can technically do it.
If I had to, I can do it to test like
that. It's just annoying.
I think that he just changed the
animation formats.
Good job, Chad.
I don't think it'll work cuz I don't
think it's committed, but we'll see.
I got
Super finicky way of running a test
without rendering using vast.
Play in general.
So on SSH, yes, Arch.
SSH  X with our docker is set up.
It can take some machine specific
configuration, but you can get SSH to
work over  X.
Now, that's terrible advice, Starship.
I can tell you that because I was given
that advice and followed it. That was
terrible advice.
Yeah.
I mean, the ends the local demos will
work.
So the actual solution to this Arch is
that Raylib 6 has a new
software back end that makes it really
easy to do headless rendering.
Now, so you don't want to do that.
That's a
Don't want that, Arch. That's awful.
We didn't go make all these nice renders
so you can have a [__] ASCII render
at the ends.
Um
It would be to just hook up the Raylib
software back end.
Good papers on RL to read. My guide has
a nice list of papers.
Let's see if this actually loads in. I
don't think it will, but we'll see.
Oh, there we go.
It's still getting healed. I can't see
the healers.
What Why did I just take a 46?
The timing is definitely wrong.
In the real game, I would have I would
have not been dead there.
Yeah.
You have, I believe, two ticks
to react.
I'm pretty sure you have two ticks to
react.
That would actually be a useful PR,
Arch.
It's a little more complicated cuz it
has to go into um
It would have to go into like the back
ends file.
Like the vector file.
>> At least part of it, yeah.
It's not clear. I basically what I think
is happening here is there's just
there's something off with the way that
Jad is implemented versus the main game.
Vault, perfect timing.
Um
I think that we just have a couple bugs
that are essentially presenting
preventing us from full solving it. Cuz
I can no longer beat
um I can no longer beat Jad with
anything that I do.
And we get all the way up to
triples, and sometimes we even get to
Jad. I think you have to just get lucky
on triples at the moment.
Like you have to get lucky in tick eater
or something.
But
yeah.
I like I I think we're basically pretty
close to just having the whole thing
solved.
Um
I got confused so there was a bug where
apparently the Jad animations got
screwed up at some point.
Cuz I wasn't able to like
I don't know, it was weird. Like it
would only ever show the range
animation.
Wouldn't show the uh the mage animation.
So I got I found that. I got that fixed.
But now when I fight it, I'm pretty sure
that it's not doing like it's giving you
one tick to change prayers, or maybe
even no ticks to change prayers.
Almost exactly. Projectiles.
Like here, I'll show you this.
It's kind of weird.
Okay, that was on that was my fault.
Okay, why is it running me into the
mobs?
Dead click, dead click, dead click.
Okay, I just dead clicked a whole bunch.
Okay, well that I did not exactly do a
good job giving you an example.
I kind of just
I kind of just messed up Jad.
Well, human mode can't be unreliable
because that's how we tested.
Right?
Okay, I didn't get hit that time on the
switch.
Okay, that was on me.
I didn't see if one of the melees killed
me there.
Keep misaligning the actions.
Left.
Well, I mean it has to line up, Vault,
otherwise like we can't tell what the
hell's happening.
And I did do
I got the cape on leagues yesterday.
So I'm fresh on like
at least remembering how it's supposed
to be.
Another product from leak, I see.
Do you have any idea on like
like can the model actually see it?
A build.
I think I'm on this merge feelers
branch.
My rewards.
Watching all day.
Oh, in leagues.
Yeah.
I've got um
It's mostly a thorns build. I've got
thorns, I've got the three tick whip.
And I've got um one tick staff.
I have all three raid regions.
I've just been doing all the raids.
Oh, this is showing very low deaths to
Jad at least.
So
that means it's doing triples easily.
Maybe that's different.
It's 67 is the is single Jad, right?
We'll do a full run of this.
Yeah, curriculum works, Vault. I have to
re-enable it, but I'm just doing the
bosses now. So with curriculum, we can
get all the way to Jad, kind of.
There was something screwed with the
Jads.
So we just need to figure out the
bosses.
Okay, so it is actually learning Jad
now.
Hey, look, free web.
I sort of AFK'd Slayer on the uh
league.
It learns the way It learns the way from
like 3 minutes.
Seven.
Uh yeah, pretty much vault.
And I think that's low enough deaths to
Jad that we can assume that it's at
least like
Then Jad deaths starts going back up.
I guess that's probably the um
the Zuk Jad. But then why is the episode
length so long?
Episode length should not be that long.
That's screwy.
I wonder if there's something weird with
the um
the Zuk Jad.
Yeah, the episode length is very long.
Behind shield percent. So I actually I
think I've seen this behavior before.
It's stalling on the last Jad.
It's doing 1,400 damage to Jad healers,
so it's farming something.
It's got to be what's happening.
It's just farming something.
I just Zuk.
Here gets to Jad.
And the Jad healers shield each other.
They can only heal Jad.
Well, we had like a ridiculous amount of
Jad healer damage.
They were farming somehow.
How much health do they have?
Wait, unless Do they have 150 health?
I'll check after this.
I guess if they have enough health like
1,400 Jad healer damage.
Killed all of them.
They don't respawn.
No, I have never seen them respawn.
I've spent quite a lot of time watching
the model and trying to play in this
version.
I also got to spend quite a while on uh
I think that the um
the league Zuk kill that I did was
about the same speed as my actual main
game off-task cape.
But I had to do it with like
really shitty mage build.
Any imbued heart?
Damn game.
Uh
is this worth the evading? I guess this
is worth the evading, right?
Maybe we can get some clue from this.
And we need to do like this.
Watch it.
Doing the shield walk perfectly.
Uh tags the major.
Oh, and it tags the ranger.
Oh, it's just going to perfectly flick
them.
There's a penalty for shield damage now.
That's kind of what I figured, Vault.
Uh what did it just get hit by? I wasn't
looking.
A flick.
Oh, Jad.
See if we can see it.
Yeah, that's the mage.
I'm correctly, right?
Took a Zuk hit, really?
You're doing that.
And does it not understand that it gets
dragged?
Does it get dragged in weird or what?
Cuz I just died to a zukit randomly.
That was trained on just Zark.
Shouldn't be doing that.
Who would think Howard makes such a dumb
error?
Seems weird to me, right?
It could have gotten dragged though,
like something like that.
The problem is I'd actually have to be
able to like do the whole thing.
I mean, I can try to do the whole fight,
I guess, on the
client.
I should figure that out very easily,
though.
I can do this, I guess.
This is a safe tile, right?
Right.
Dead.
Nope.
I had to come on.
Oh, my prayer dropped. [__]
Oh, that's lame.
All right. Say vault.
It's really annoying to do that, like um
I got to at least merge it, like merge
the stuff so I can use
The first chunk of that fight feels like
it works, though.
Why does it make such an obvious
This was working for Zark before.
Problem.
Let's go stick this on the remote real
quick.
I'll be a bit faster.
Um
I guess it depends a little bit on the
outcome of this project here. I
definitely didn't expect it to be as
like as good as it was. The goal with
pop before was to just make it really
fast.
We ended up over shooting our speed
target and we also ended up making it
way better than I thought.
The only thing we kind of failed on is
it took 3 months longer than I expected,
but like
you know, 1.5x the amount of time for 2x
better perf and then also
um
like way better model and stuff, I think
is
that's well worth it. It's a good
trade-off.
I can I keep like underestimating what
we're going to be able to do and then
also underestimating the amount of time
it takes.
At least I over deliver.
No, expected arch the goal was um 10 mil
with a 128 hidden dim policy
and we ended up getting like, I believe
15 to 17 mil.
It was going to be a 3x and we ended up
with a 5x.
All right, I'm genuinely wondering if
this thing is just like
Let me check something.
I genuinely think it's just not
bothering to stay alive.
I don't understand why this is so hard.
It just keeps getting smacked
by Zac for no reason.
Okay, now it's the Jad.
5050 state set base up.
I've talked about it a little bit, but
we're not going to start it for
a little longer.
Do a lot of that on stream.
300 healer damage, huh?
These things only have 60 freaking
health, right?
No, 90 health.
It only summons three of them, though.
How is it 328 Jad healer damage is just
counting overkill?
Yes, this could be it.
Jad deaths is down.
That's too much damage farming.
Not mega farming, but it's farming.
Not working.
>> And then Jad healers at least.
Taking Zark self back down.
Like we are.
And we're taking
Now we actually do have damage on Zark
healers.
Not quite there.
Actually this is better.
Literally just says 250 mil.
Try this.
Upper to tran.
That doesn't make any sense, dude.
That makes no [__] sense what you
Like I
No part of that question makes sense. I
don't know what to do with that.
Upper's not built for training LM's.
Base LM training isn't an RL task.
LM's don't train on textures. Like no
part of that makes sense.
And these params worked before at some
point apparently to Zark.
Does get to Zark healers at least.
I do Wait, maybe this was before um
Wait, no, hang on. This was before we
added the healers. That's why.
That's what I'm forgetting.
It is before. Okay, so hang on. In that
case
I take this config.
Okay, here we actually start killing Jad
healers very nicely.
Or on Zark healers.
Self goes back down.
Oh, hang on. Now this is good.
And we're winning.
This config just does win.
On Zark.
Pretty unstable though.
Dropped a lot of the wins.
>> So, the win rate's pretty unstable, but
this can win.
Oh, from
starting from jab.
Basically, now a matter of whether it
learns a farm.
Everyone suck after only 48 seconds.
Presumably, can't be that bad to learn
um
triples.
Uh
terrible, terrible timing, either.
Not at this up.
We can see if we can curriculum this.
We don't even get to suck killer.
I think we basically just get there and
then we fall on our face is what's
happening.
That
And I We need this as a baseline, and
then what we'll do is we'll add
We'll add the final wave curriculum.
Wait a second. Isn't wave 60
Wave 69 is
suck, right?
Why was I starting on wave 68?
Ooh.
That just might be it. That might be the
problem.
Yeah, we don't want to start right
before triples.
Got something here.
Half of them on the wave 60.
Better.
Much better.
We'll see if this is enough.
Could be. It really should be.
Those we will find out.
And it is now doing jab to up to suck
killers, right?
>> Oh.
Got it.
Cool. That is Jad the result.
That's the entire gauntlet of um
That's the three-wave boss.
Three waves of bosses one shot.
Actually good win rate on Zac as well.
Unstable still, but
Almost no deaths to Jad.
Play good.
I believe it's doing the healer skip as
well.
It is definitely doing too much healer
damage, but whatever.
Okay, now we're going to see if we can
get it to do the entire thing from wave
one.
Use the restroom real quick.
And we'll see if it works.
Be right back.
Okay.
Not getting to Jad.
47.
My assumption here is that we don't need
to allocate
very much of the uh the data
for the early waves.
Not learning to conserve brews enough.
Yeah, but like Starship, have you
thought like what does that accomplish?
Literally change all the assets to black
in um the Atari games.
You can still learn them
with RL.
Now this is interesting because we have
This pulse doesn't quite get through the
waves is the problem.
Could train it for longer.
Inefficient though, isn't it?
policy
Wait.
We'll see on eval.
six
This policy for whatever reason
doesn't quite get to um
bosses.
If I grab the other policy, I wonder if
the other policy with this curriculum
That's a good thing to test.
If I go grab this policy
here
If I grab this policy
>> You want Just fine.
Get rid of all the crap we don't.
This.
So confused. Didn't I just have
We'll try this real quick, but then I
think I messed it up.
Oh, welcome.
Solve um so Vault, I got it to do
I have a policy that does Jad through
Zul'jin.
Not cons not perfectly consistently.
There's still some jank.
Trying to get the waves through
everything now.
Push changes.
Uh I haven't really pushed much yet,
Vault.
It's mostly just screwing with rewards
and configs and stuff.
The one thing I realized was I was doing
the um
I was doing the curriculum wrong. You
need to start
a good chunk of the agents on Zul'jin
because you spend quite a lot of time
just getting one shot until you learn
the shield mechanic.
I had them starting on 68 instead of 69
by mistake.
I have a few more runs of fiddling with
it, I think. I do have some animation
changes locally that I will push
shortly.
Um but I don't think that that changes
the policy. It just fixes for the human
rendering a little bit.
I also don't know what the quality of
those changes is um
any good.
We'll see.
Okay, we are actually to Jads here.
We're getting to Jads on this, which is
nice.
We got to Zul'jin.
Okay, so this this run does wave one
uh up to Zul'jin, but it doesn't seem
like it's going to quite do Zul'jin.
This is odd cuz it should have been
learning Zul'jin the whole time.
Doesn't actually get to the Zul'jin
either. Sure.
One.
Couldn't need that many checkpoints,
man.
This wasn't bad here.
It's this run though.
Something's wrong with this to me.
Come on.
Yeah.
The idea is now they are
Now once you actually see it get to
Zul'jin, it should do it a lot faster.
That is.
Okay.
I mean, it could just be that we should
be starting it later in the waves to be
honest with you.
What if we just do wave 50 start? I'm
going to try that next.
Oh, Zul'jin is here.
We are hitting Zul'jin.
If we get to Zul'jin killers with this.
I I if this is very close now, though.
I monitor content.
I mean, I did do the thing last night.
Um
obviously
like easy put on the
I mean, it matches my intuition that
triples is actually very easy to learn.
And Zach is very hard to learn.
Like that makes sense to me.
No vault. I actually had to like it was
basically the same difficulty. The boss
was the same difficulty as the main
game. The waves were easy.
The way I did it, it was.
Reasoning on the intuition.
Um
yeah, so triples you basically just get
instant feedback. You essentially just
pray, and if you mess up, you die.
Um
and it's just this one very obvious
action.
The only other thing that's a little
annoying is we have to figure out the uh
the rewards for the healers.
Cuz like tagging the healers is a little
bit annoying.
But that's pretty much all there is to
it. It's not that complicated.
So don't get to Okay. Let's try Let me
try raising this to 50.
See if that makes it faster.
Um Zach on the other hand is like a
pretty long drawn out fight.
If we just consider wave 1 to 50 as
easy.
50 start, 60.
You want to do straight 50 start? Okay,
I can try that next.
I was kind of trying to get the uh the
full thing, you know.
We're on the Zach.
We're on the Zach with 26 seconds left.
Something in early waves we need to
learn.
Yeah, supply management for sure.
Oh, do you see this? This was better.
With the 50 curriculum, we actually got
some damage on healers here. See that?
That's actually an important um
That's an important improvement.
You wanted me to do a start from 50?
I'll just do Oops.
I'll just do this to 50 and then this to
61 for you.
I wouldn't be surprised if this solves.
Is the hardest part of the Inferno?
Look how broken the thorns is.
Imagine this in Inferno.
Hit you and they just hit themselves.
Hang on, this is the wrong thing.
Okay.
We'll start at 50.
It's kind of funny, there are a lot of
the encounters from the main game that
are super difficult that I wouldn't be
surprised that that our agent can just
do in like a minute or two.
Like I still never I can't even do
awakened Vardon leagues.
Um imagine how quick it would learn to
do board like awakened Vardon.
That is also true, Walt.
>> way harder than the people.
It's funny because PvP is arguably the
higher
skill cap, right?
Well, we're on healers.
Oh, yeah, we're scripted, for sure.
It'd be fun to try versus the scripted
policies.
Read your actions, yeah.
Okay, so this still doesn't win.
Let me make sure I didn't mess this up
here.
So, I just changed the start wave to 67.
Let's see if that wins.
Next agent wave zero.
How many agents?
Um, that's already been done, man.
Just a question of like how how much
effort per
project is it to do that?
800 in wave zero is kind of weird to
have.
Well, something is weird because I have
end start wave as 67 here.
That doesn't make sense.
It looks like it's correct here.
Yeah, I think this actually may solve.
It got close, but it actually does not
solve from that.
I think it is putting a few
agents up.
I don't know.
Welcome.
Read my programming guide once in a
while.
Good day, real learning some actual
programming.
Way better than just messing with the
ones.
I'm hoping I didn't break something cuz
this should be solving.
Yeah.
That is for um, starting from 67,
though.
I don't know if you're spawning the
right number of healers, as well.
But, I believe it's only three healers
on triples, right? Or something?
It's blood barraging a little bit, so
probably healers.
Yeah, so this suddenly doesn't solve,
which is not good.
Broke, maybe?
Thought it was six.
I'll watch some random YouTube stuff on
stream, man.
Trying to fix this.
This is also healers.
Yeah.
>> This doesn't solve something, bro.
Triple spawn healers.
No.
Triples, they spawn um
The healers spawn full health, man.
And they have 90, I believe.
It's a different healer than um the one
on
ice caves.
They're stronger.
They do have a quite high mage level.
So, it actually is not terrible that
it's um it's T bowing them.
Yeah, okay. We have a problem. This is
no longer winning.
Emma, let me finish my uh
We're trying to figure out this end.
Yeah, okay. So, something broke here.
I think it might just be very brittle.
Wait, are Arch and Tanma the same
person?
Yes.
I think they are.
Yeah, I didn't think I'm
Okay. Let's see. Now, does this solve?
This is the original. I don't know what
I did wrong if
I uh if this doesn't solve, I must have
broken something.
Only thing I can think of is I think I
added the uh the death penalty.
Try this.
Oh, I have this here.
What on earth uh what what's different
then?
Maybe these params were screwed.
If this works, we'll try these params
with this one experiment.
See the Runescape League.
Uh Ryan, the agent probably won't be,
but I probably will be.
I've been playing leagues.
I got all three raid regions.
Oh, that's not the surprise, Ryan.
The uh the surprise is not that I have
one on the second monitor.
It's that we also have the main on the
second monitor mining.
This is technically still semi-vacation
mode for me.
I'm kind of just doing a little bit of
stuff.
All mega rare bits.
Um
No, actually yeah, it's mostly the echo
one items vault.
Yeah, Ryan, this is kind of just like
chilling before starting on the 5.0
stuff properly.
Okay, good. This does win.
Oh, also
have you seen the the inferno sim? We
actually have an excuse for this now.
This is
Vault made this
reported this.
This is the puffer inferno sim with a
agent playing it.
We've almost have it beating the entire
inferno.
Almost.
Yeah, it's just the assets are ported
one for one over directly.
Going to look basically the same.
It's almost identical.
I actually did the inferno one leagues
yesterday.
Um and it was like pretty close.
It's almost one to one. There are a
couple bugs.
That's actually what I'm working on
here.
So the real Well, we don't really feel
like botting the real game, but um
I wanted to get the I want to get the
whole inferno done in the sim.
Yeah, I wouldn't want to try to put this
on the real game without like official
sanction.
Okay, so this is actually beating Zuk.
Uh so next experiment
going to try to do 61.
Starting 61.
And 67.
I can do the whole thing.
I think it's
cool.
Yeah.
I don't do those anymore.
But I mean admittedly the
the 400 grind was
Yeah, this is a science project.
Well, if they want to hire us to like
help their anti-cheat team
that's uh that'd be cool, but we're not
going to like do anything with this on
the main game.
I did actually talk to them like a long
time ago.
Might be more interested now.
Okay, so
Well, this is starting from a 61.
Half of the
agents starting on Zuk.
See if we get to Zuk killers.
Yeah.
But they do still play pay um vendors.
Vault, they're very stingy internally,
but they do pay vendors.
Okay, so now we have we've got damage on
the Zuk killers.
This is good.
Basically yeah, Vault.
Oh, that's a win right there.
So just barely.
Just just barely, but it does eke out a
win.
Yeah, this goes.
>> It does seem like it needs a little bit
more early experience. Very slow at the
moment.
So, it should be learning um
learning the suck at the same time.
It is good at rationing the resource,
not so much the bruise.
I wonder if it's because we give it too
many um
too many bruise in the curriculum.
About that, too, yeah.
Yeah, that that is definitely an issue,
Vault.
The bruise don't really help that much
in suck, to be fair.
I mean, we did we just got 61 to suck.
Like, very, very, very low win rate, but
we got a couple wins
from 61 all the way through suck.
What happens before 60?
Okay, wave 60 is still hard, right?
These are not that bad.
Okay, 56 can be annoying.
Now, there's still a couple hard waves,
56 53 through 56.
I guess it kind of depends.
I mean, 60 is the first very hard wave,
right? And then 63 is the hardest wave.
I mean, if you look at it though, 56
56 is basically just as hard, depending
on spawns.
Like, you have a slight chance to get
you have a slight chance to get um
a worse setup, I think, on 63.
Usually, you should kind of just be
fine.
Zero wins.
We actually don't even get to suck with
this config.
Okay, 50
It learns the early waves way faster
now.
I'm expert.
Now, you should just pick um
pick a fraction or whatever.
Just like, pick it in inventory for each
of the checkpoints.
What do you need? Like, three bruise,
two restores, a bastion, and a stam for
suck?
That's what I'd do, Vault.
Like, it's going to be pretty obvious.
We just give it the amount of supplies
that it should roughly have left.
Yeah, this is looking a little better.
So, uh to answer your question
it does actually see the early waves an
appreciable fraction of the time.
>> Yeah, it's a little annoying. I know,
Vault.
I guess you could just set it in the
end.
Not have it be configurable.
We actually, Vault, believe it or not,
we can make it sweepable.
We can make this curriculum sweepable,
but you'd have to change it from
fractions to weightings.
Cuz you just give it a weight for each
of these starting points.
And then it does it just rolls based on
the weight.
Okay, we are to Zerg here.
This is one to Zerg so far in 4 minutes.
We'll see if we get one to Zerg healers.
Okay, that's fine, Vault.
Good luck with that.
And this is so close.
Right here.
Very close.
Oh, is that the tiny That's the tiny um
Uh that's the comma AI one, right?
Nice job if you're in the lead on that.
It's a very good solid one to uh be
winning.
Hm.
Very solid.
It is a good company. They do underpay,
though.
Like basically, I think a third of what
third or so of what you would expect.
Yeah, but if you're good, you should be
able to have both.
Right.
Finland.
Didn't think comp was too good out
there.
In our self-driving stuff, right, Vault?
We currently collab on the the fastest
sim.
Fencer's actually been working on some
nice speed enhancements for that.
I don't think what I do from here.
I don't think this is just a like sweep
it and call it an angle
problem.
What is up?
Belfem.
Uh you already have it up set up to eval
from the start, Vault.
Like the default eval.
I'll help manage the supplies. It wasn't
really managing supplies.
I think it's mostly the data mix.
Mostly the data mix the problem.
Okay, we'll let this one go. We'll eval
this and then I'll set up a sweep.
I don't know if you re-update that. I
think so.
>> Or just some friends, yeah.
Not for just some friends in LA, right?
LA is a nice touch.
Let me see if I completely break it if I
You get some things
cool.
Do this one here.
Again, we'll be good.
Prayer region.
It could use two prayer region pots,
yeah, Vault.
Could also pre-pot it if you want to be
generous.
Magic.
Yeah.
Well, also, um,
I don't know. Do people bring heart in?
Like, do you bring saturated heart?
I don't really think you need it, to be
fair.
You just need to be able to barrage.
Don't really ever get drained to 90
below 94.
Well, unless you really mess up.
We'll watch this policy. I'll probably
call it shortly thereafter.
Yeah, we're straight.
I think people do use armadyl brews.
They just swap them out instead of, um,
the bastion pots.
Could also give it preserve, I guess,
but I don't think
you do.
Oh, they drain magic to 88.
Okay, I didn't realize that. Then, yeah,
you probably don't want those as much.
They're still usable.
I mean, I think without eldritch staff,
they're decent.
But, probably just bastions are okay.
They probably did that intentionally to
make them not super great for inferno.
That actually made a substantial
difference, oddly enough.
Okay.
Pulse is not good enough to eat, though.
We'll do one more.
Pretty brutal.
>> Simulate. How do you simulate the OS?
I'll show you in a sec.
Um
It's like um
That's Vault Sport.
That's a pretty chunky environment.
Actually, the chunkiest of environments.
We're going to eval this policy, so
it'll show up the end.
Ready?
Give.
You're going to get the Zark.
Like it definitely can.
We'll pull this in a second.
Okay.
Uh we can pull this model.
I did healers plus that.
Not bad.
That's one tick. Do I think it is as
well? I couldn't tell Vault, but that's
what it felt like.
I can't tell.
Like you're supposed to have three full
ticks, aren't you?
Uh wait, I have to do one thing with
this, don't I?
I need eval in this.
Doesn't make sense.
Okay.
Uh I still have this pillar in the wrong
spot.
My config, but no big deal.
Do top-down view.
61 onward.
>> [snorts]
>> Yeah.
I bet you there's some mechanics that
aren't fully uh translated Vault like
I bet you you can't do Phantom barrages
in this.
That's kind of an important thing when
you're on low supplies.
Oh, no, it's kind of using the pillar.
Sort of.
Runs from the melee blob, yeah.
Those are kind of important given that
it doesn't have an SPS or anything.
It's used two brews already.
But it's not just like chugging them.
Yeah.
I know trainer has it.
I don't know. Maybe they don't.
I like how it freezes the melee.
That's probably a pretty consistent
strat with completion gauntlets, right?
Like you get it within two casts.
Has quiver already.
I kind of puffer.
I thought Yeah, exactly Arch. There was
actually a version of it that was
essentially the same thing but with
torch bindings and stuff.
And it was way worse.
It was maybe a thousand line shorter but
then you had this massive blob of
internal torch to think about.
Oh.
How did it die?
I wasn't looking.
Probably logs and stuff on that.
But I think I'm going to call it for
today. Um let me get a sweep going. Call
it.
Random Yeah, it does that. It just like
randomly will miss stuff sometimes.
Dodged one tick early.
Catch.
Try this.
Yeah, it's tough with two ticks to
react, right Vault?
When you're like running and doing other
stuff, you need the extra tick.
All right, well, we have a sweep going.
That should get us some results pretty
soon.
I'm going to call it for now. Um for
folks watching,
all this is open source at puffer.ai.
You want to help us out for free, star
the puffer on GitHub, follow on X for
more RL content, join Discord and all
that.
Stealth Let me check the
teleported.
Yeah, I've seen that as well sometimes,
Vault.
Yeah.
I actually see the main game do that
sometimes though as well.
Some plugins.
All right, folks. Yeah, I'll see you
around. Hopefully we'll have um
Hopefully we'll have the full thing
quite soon. Like you know, we've gotten
67 through Zuk. We've gotten 61 through
Zuk rarely. We've gotten one up until
Zuk healers even. So I think we're
pretty darn close.